Updates to release notes section with release notes fro 2022-05-23 release (#3984)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Umbraco-Cloud/Release-Notes/2022-05-23-ReleaseNotes.md

# Release Notes, May 23, 2022

_CDN Caching and Optimization settings + Improved Organization Invite Flow + Media Storage Files Top 50_

## Key Takeaways

> - **CDN Caching and Optimization settings** - You can now enable CDN caching on your Umbraco Cloudloud projects for even better performance. You can specify default settings and overwrite them at hostname level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **CDN Caching and Optimization settings** - You can now enable CDN caching on your Umbraco Cloud projects for even better performance. You can specify default settings and overwrite them at the hostname level.
```
